Column description for the Shipment page (#1262)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/shipments.md

![]({% link images/images/sales-shipments.png %}){: .zoom}
_Shipments grid_

## Column descriptions

|Control|Description|
|--- |--- |

> |Select|Select the checkbox to select the quote(s) to be subject to an action, or use the selection control in the column header. Options: Select All / Deselect All|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Select|Select the checkbox for each quote to be subject to an action, or use the selection control in the column header. Options: Select All / Deselect All|
```

|Shipment|A unique, sequential number that is assigned when a new shipment is saved for the first time|
|Ship Date|Shipping date|
|Order|Unique number of the order|
|Order Date|The date and time the order was placed|
|Ship-to Name|The name of the person to whom the order is shipped|
|Total Quantity|Total quantity of items to ship|
|Action|View opens the shipment in edit mode|

> ### Additional Columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional columns
```
